---
layout: post
title: On the altar of money
comments: True
published: False
---

Had a nice conversation with Sharvaree yesterday. It turned quite intense towards the end.
Seem to be figuring out a few things about her slowly.
Will have to write that down eventually but for now am gonna go back to the bone of contention,
i.e. our divergent views on the concept of money.

What is money?

Money to me is ultimately an expression of my faith in my fellow humans. Traditionally the bonds of kinship
extend to close members of our family.
There are three guys on an island -  Tom, Dick and Harry.

Tom can fish, Dick can climb and fetch coconuts and Harry knows how to make and repair shelters.

We can certainly come to a system where Harry can repairing all the shelters as and when the need arises, and Tom and Dick shall be willing to produce excess produce from of their crafts to each other and to harry to satisfy all their nutritional needs.

However, what about times of excess needs or times of deficit production. Given a certain amount of production, how should it be divided among the three parties.

Of course, eventually we come to the idea of risk, i.e. how to account for future contingencies, while


A moneyless society:

How do you account for risk/ future uncertanity?
How do you account for future reduction in productivity of certain individuals?
How do you blah blah blah?


I think I am slightly fucked that way.

Seriously. why does it all have to be so complicated?

We can all come to that conclusion. Its just awkward and not going to happen. Sad.

She is there all the time and its just not working out. Not comfortable with her, want to be but can't do anything.


Why is so difficult talking to you?

Everyday its a start from scratch. Letting her figure out who i am and react accordingly.

I don't know how to an

I am not comfortable with anyone. That's it. I am never going to be comfortable with anyone at that level.
I cannot be pals, close to people, friendly that is to say. I cannot be your friends. I can maintain
relationships rather nicely, so that if i manage to maintain distance I can very well maintain a facade of friendliness.


What does it mean to be friends? the whole definition is fucked up. I am not even sure if anyone is "actually" friends with anyone.

Some folks surely know how to get along well with people on a really informal basis.

Why do you want to be friends with me?

I was not what you wanted me to be. I am sorry. This didn't happen. Cool.
done. What now?

I need to decide what i want to do.
Its coming down to that. The limbo has gone on long enough. And yes i need to cry.

The first company ever created led to the colonisation of India.The second company caused the beheading of loius XVI and precipitated the french revolution.

Companies are in my mind most akin to children. The comparisons wouldn't be too far off because in law we do recognise limited liability companies as full personages. However, more often than would be proper there behavior reflects juvenile exertions rather than deliberate action of a mature, seasoned and rational adult. In fact, in even the best case scenario, companies like the humans that constitute them shall confirm to bounded rationality.

Children need minders. So do the companies.
Also, children need to grow up. So do the companies.

And, on the problems of evil corporations.

Wealth exists in our minds. Its the sum total of all the ideas we humans have together implemented, first as a

The money will end up in a hedge fund or in bank capital. Is that such a big problem?
Is accumulation the problem. no.
But how do we get the hedge funds to behave?

A child being shot point blank at gunpoint or a child dying of malnutrition or lack of proper medical care - given that we are sufficiently removed from each of the two cases so as be not affected personally by either tragedy , are the two deaths different?
